Clem.tmdialects upstreamable (#13)
ljfitz/torch-mlir: externals/llvm-external-projects/torch-mlir-dialects/CMakeLists.txt

if(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR STREQUAL CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR)

>   set(LLVM_OUT_OF_TREE_BUILD TRUE)

Author: Put this back as an error condition - otherwise we'd need to introduce most of the out-of-tree setup from torch's cmake.

endif()

set(TORCH_MLIR_DIALECTS_SOURCE_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}")
set(TORCH_MLIR_DIALECTS_BINARY_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}")
message(STATUS "Building torch-mlir-dialects project at ${TORCH_MLIR_DIALECTS_SOURCE_DIR} (into ${TORCH_MLIR_DIALECTS_BINARY_DIR})")

> option(MLIR_ENABLE_BINDINGS_PYTHON "Enables MLIR Python Bindings" OFF)

Author: Put back where it was.

if(LLVM_OUT_OF_TREE_BUILD)
  message(STATUS "torch-mlir-dialect is being built out-of-tree")
else()
  message(STATUS "torch-mlir-dialect is being built in-tree")
  # An in-tree build, LLVM hasn't been installed yet. Rebuild LLVM paths.
  set(MLIR_MAIN_SRC_DIR ${LLVM_MAIN_SRC_DIR}/../mlir)

>   set(MLIR_INCLUDE_DIR ${LLVM_BINARY_DIR}/tools/mlir/include)

Author: # Create the same variables as `find_package MLIR ...` defines.

  set(MLIR_INCLUDE_DIRS ${LLVM_MAIN_SRC_DIR}/../mlir/include ${MLIR_INCLUDE_DIR})

  # Configure CMake and tablegen.
  list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH ${MLIR_MAIN_SRC_DIR}/cmake/modules)
  list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH ${LLVM_MAIN_SRC_DIR}/cmake)
  set(MLIR_TABLEGEN_EXE mlir-tblgen)

  include(TableGen)
  include(AddLLVM)
  include(AddMLIR)
endif()

function(torch_mlir_dialects_target_includes target)
  set(_dirs

>     $<BUILD_INTERFACE:${LLVM_BUILD_MAIN_SRC_DIR}/include>

Author: Check which file is needed from `llvm/include`?

if(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR STREQUAL CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR)

> # This disables the setup whereby torch-mlir-dialects is
> # built as a completely standalone project, ie neither as
> # part of LLVM or as a subdirectory of torch-mlir.

Author: ```suggestion
# The cmake configuration to build torch-mlir-dialects on
# its own out-of-tree has not been implemented. It can
# be built as part of LLVM or as a subdirectory of torch-mlir.
```

set(TORCH_MLIR_DIALECTS_BINARY_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}")
message(STATUS "Building torch-mlir-dialects project at ${TORCH_MLIR_DIALECTS_SOURCE_DIR} (into ${TORCH_MLIR_DIALECTS_BINARY_DIR})")

if(BUILD_TORCH_MLIR_DIALECTS_AS_SUBDIRECTORY)
  message(STATUS "torch-mlir-dialect is being built out-of-tree")
  message(STATUS "LLVM and MLIR packages have already been found.")
else()
  message(STATUS "torch-mlir-dialect is being built in-tree")
  # An in-tree build, LLVM hasn't been installed yet.
  # We compute these properties manually, they're otherwise
  # contributed by find_package(MLIR...)
  set(MLIR_MAIN_SRC_DIR ${LLVM_MAIN_SRC_DIR}/../mlir)
  set(MLIR_INCLUDE_DIRS
      ${LLVM_MAIN_SRC_DIR}/../mlir/include
      ${LLVM_BINARY_DIR}/tools/mlir/include)
  set(LLVM_INCLUDE_DIRS ${LLVM_MAIN_INCLUDE_DIR})

  # Configure CMake and tablegen.
  list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH ${MLIR_MAIN_SRC_DIR}/cmake/modules)
  list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH ${LLVM_MAIN_SRC_DIR}/cmake)
  set(MLIR_TABLEGEN_EXE mlir-tblgen)

  include(TableGen)
  include(AddLLVM)
  include(AddMLIR)
endif()

function(torch_mlir_dialects_target_includes target)
  set(_dirs

>     $<BUILD_INTERFACE:${LLVM_INCLUDE_DIRS}>

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure we need this now

Reviewer: I've rempved it
